[#43644] Revoke access to Storage granted by OAuth (#11200)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/nextcloud-integration/README.md

> **Note:** To disconnect the link between your OpenProject and Nextcloud accounts, head on over to Nextcloud and navigate to _Settings → Connected accounts_. There, clicking **Disconnect from OpenProject** button. To re-link the two accounts, simply follow the above instructions again.

## Disconnecting your OpenProject account from Nextcloud

> You can disconnect you OpenProject account from the logged-in Nextcloud account if you wish. It might be that you were
> logged in with the wrong OpenProject account and accidentally connected it to you Nextcloud account. In order to do that
> there is an option within the settings page of your OpenProject account called **Client Tokens**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you accidentally connected a wrong OpenProject account to your Nextcloud account, you can disconnect it from Nextcloud.

To disconnect your OpenProject account from the logged-in Nextcloud account, go to the settings page of your OpenProject account by clicking your profile image on the top right corner, and selecting **My account**. Then choose **Access tokens** from the left sidebar, and select the **Client Tokens** tab:
```

![OpenProject account settings page](account_settings.png)

> Here you can see all connection to any Nextcloud storages that are active at the current time. Click the **disconnect**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can see all active connections to Nextcloud storages. Click the **disconnect**
```

link next to the storage you want to disconnect.

> Now you can had back to your project and log in again.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This sentence rely depends on the workflow the user is trying to achieve, so I think it's better to just remove it. If we want to leave it, it should be more precise: is it the OpenProject project or Nextcloud project? And why would he need to log in again? Does disconnecting from Nextcloud also log user off from OpenProject?
